README.md, before:

# keylog.io

## How it works?

#### Backend
The backend consist of an [expressjs](https://expressjs.com/) webserver which serves the administrator interface using __Basic HTTP Authentication__ customizable from the options and a [socket.io](https://socket.io/) server wait and handle the receiving of key logs from various sources, stores them and forward them to the administrator interface for be seen and analyzed.

#### Interface
The administrator interface for visualize the key logs archive and the live key logs feed from various clients is built with Angular using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.6.6.

## Installation
```
npm install keylog.io
```
or
```
yarn add keylog.io
```

## Basic usage
```js
const keyloggerServer = require('keylog.io');

// Start the server connected with database
keyloggerServer({
  serveDemo: true,
  serveClient: true,
  database: {
    name: 'keylogger',
    username: 'user',
    password: 'pass'
  }
});

```
You call also start it from the __command line__, take a look at the arguments by typing: `keylog-io --help`
```bash
Options:

    -V, --version          output the version number
    -h, --hostname <host>  The address where start the server (default: 0.0.0.0)
    -p, --port <port>      The port where start the server (default: 9000)
    -c, --client           Serve the client keylogger file
    -d, --demo             Serve the demo client page
    -h, --help             output usage information

```
For a full list of options see the [default](lib/index.js#L27-L49) options on source code.

## Todo
- [x] Basic HTTP Authentication for administrator interface with options for username and password
- [x] Optionally save key logs results on a MySQL database
- [x] Change behavior, pausing and trying to hide when devtools is open
- [ ] Test key logger performances with multiple different hosts
- [ ] Complete the administrator interface with filters, groups, labels and stuff..
- [ ] Create different routes for live feeds and archive
- [ ] Get drunk at the end of all this

---

## Development

Run `npm run start` this will concurrently spin up the express/socketio development server and start angular-cli. It should open a browser page with the administrator interface, if not, vavigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

Also it will serve a __keylogger client__ demo page at the address: `http://localhost:9000/demo/`

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `npm run build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

Run `npm run build-client` to build the key logger-client file which is a socket.io-client module with a payload for capturing key presses and send them to a remote server.

## Running unit tests

Run `npm run test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `npm run e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
To get more informations about Socket.io visit the [official](https://socket.io/) page or visit the [documentation](https://socket.io/docs/).

---

## License
The __keylog.io__ is released under the MIT License by [b4dnewz](https://b4dnewz.github.io/).

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/b4dnewz/keylog.io/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Write and run the tests (`npm run test`)
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
6. Create a new Pull Request

Commit message:

Updated cli actions
Introduced the build action to rebuild the client script on the fly with new endpoint
Listen to textInput event

this can probably capture from both desktop and mobile
Start dev-server on public address

This is particularly useful while testing the keylogger client from different devices
Don't override dist on serve


Updated demo page


Better minify options

Ignore empty buffers


Added webpack dep to rebuild file


Default to external local address


Updated documentation


Force localhost on development

Removed adminPath useless option

Compacted scripts

README.md, after:

# keylog.io

#### Backend
The backend consist of an [expressjs](https://expressjs.com/) webserver which serves the administrator interface using __Basic HTTP Authentication__ customizable from the options and a [socket.io](https://socket.io/) server wait and handle the receiving of key logs from various sources, stores them and forward them to the administrator interface for be seen and analyzed.

#### Interface
The administrator interface for visualize the key logs archive and the live key logs feed from various clients is built with Angular using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.6.6. The administrator interface comes with a basic HTTP authorization which defaults to: `keylog.io`

#### Client script
The client script is a socketio.io client with key logger functions that try to hide himself by pausing when the dev-tools (inspector) is open. It catches only relevant keys and send them back to the server as a buffer with additional information, take a look at the [code](lib/client.js) if you want to see more.

## Installation
```
npm install keylog.io
```
or
```
yarn add keylog.io
```

## Basic usage
```js
const keyloggerServer = require('keylog.io');

// Start the server connected with database
keyloggerServer({
  serveDemo: true,
  serveClient: true,
  database: {
    name: 'keylogger',
    username: 'user',
    password: 'pass'
  }
});

```
You call also start it from the __command line__, take a look at the arguments by typing: `keylog-io --help`
```
Options:

    -V, --version  output the version number
    -h, --help     output usage information


Commands:

  start [options]                    Start the keylogger server
  build [options] <hostname> [port]  Build the client flle for the given endpoint

```
In order to use it from the command line you have to install it globally by typing:

```
npm install -g keylog.io
yarn global add keylog.io
```

For a full list of options see the [default](lib/index.js#L27-L49) options on source code.

## Todo
- [x] Basic HTTP Authentication for administrator interface with options for username and password
- [x] Optionally save key logs results on a MySQL database
- [x] Change behavior, pausing and trying to hide when devtools is open
- [ ] Test key logger performances with multiple different hosts
- [ ] Handle mobile input events
- [ ] Complete the administrator interface with filters, groups, labels and stuff..
- [ ] Create different routes for live feeds and archive
- [ ] Get drunk at the end of all this

---

## Development

Run `npm run start` this will concurrently spin up the express/socketio development server and start angular-cli. It should open a browser page with the administrator interface, if not, vavigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

Also it will serve a __keylogger client__ demo page at the address: `http://localhost:9000/demo/`

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `npm run build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

Run `npm run build-client` to build the key logger-client file which is a socket.io-client module with a payload for capturing key presses and send them to a remote server.

## Running unit tests

Run `npm run test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `npm run e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
To get more informations about Socket.io visit the [official](https://socket.io/) page or visit the [documentation](https://socket.io/docs/).

---

## License
The __keylog.io__ is released under the MIT License by [b4dnewz](https://b4dnewz.github.io/).

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/b4dnewz/keylog.io/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Write and run the tests (`npm run test`)
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
6. Create a new Pull Request
